This project is designed to help you practice
all the tools that you have learned so far to create ADAP.
I have helped you create version two of the Steiner tree smart contract.
We have added functions to create a star,
put a startup for sale,
and also buy a star.
In this project, I would like you to take this contract
a step further by implementing more functionality.
I would like you to add functionality to give your star tokens a name and a symbol.
I would also like you to add functionality to exchange stars and also transfer stars.
You will also write supporting test cases for this added functionality.
You will add front-end features,
interact with this newly added functions.
Finally, I would also like you to deploy
your smart contract to the public Rinkeby network.
Once deployed, you would add your own ERC-721 star tokens
to your MetaMask wallet and transfer between various Rinkeby addresses.
To submit your project,
you need to submit your project files,
you deployed token address,
and the Etherscan transaction ID for transferring tokens between addresses.
Do contact us if you have any questions or if it gets stuck with this project,
we are here to help you.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6